Add known issue - unavailable vmdp (#460)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-1-2-to-v1-2-0.md

  - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3863#issuecomment-1539681311

---

> ### 8. The `registry.suse.com/harvester-beta/vmdp:latest` is not available in airgapped environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 8. The `registry.suse.com/harvester-beta/vmdp:latest` image is not available in airgapped environment
```

Author: Updated it. Thanks.

> The harvester hasn't packaged `registry.suse.com/harvester-beta/vmdp:latest` in the ISO since v1.1.0. For Windows VMs before v1.1.0, they used it as a container disk. However, the kubelet may remove old images to free bytes. If the image has been removed, Windows VMs can't get it in the airgapped environment. Users can fix the issue by changing the image to `registry.suse.com/suse/vmdp/vmdp:2.5.4.2` and restarting Windows VMs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Harvester does not package the `registry.suse.com/harvester-beta/vmdp:latest` image in the ISO file as of v1.1.0. For Windows VMs before v1.1.0, they used this image as a container disk. However, kubelet may remove old images to free up bytes. Windows VMs can't access an air-gapped environment when this image is removed. You can fix this issue by changing the image to `registry.suse.com/suse/vmdp/vmdp:2.5.4.2` and restarting the Windows VMs.
```

Author: Updated it. Thank you.
